remaining packer content (#13285)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/commands/validate.mdx

---
description: |

>   The `packer validate` Packer command validates the syntax and
>   configuration in a Packer template to help you prevent coding errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `packer validate` command validates the syntax and
  configuration in a Packer template, helping you prevent errors.
```
